# April 24, 2019 {#concept_262574 .concept}

## Upgraded Cloud Controller Manager {#section_drq_6xu_pe9 .section}

**Version**: v1.9.3.105-gfd4e547-aliyun

**Changes**:

-   Fixed the bug where the annotation settings did not take effect.
-   Added the feature where you can rename an SLB instance in the SLB console. If you want to rename an SLB instance created by using Cloud Controller Manager \(CCM\) V1.9.3.10 or earlier, you must first add a tag to the manager. For more information, see [How do I rename an SLB instance that I created in Cloud Controller Manager \(CCM\) of V1.9.3.10 or an earlier version?](../../../../reseller.en-US/FAQ/How do I rename an SLB instance that I created in Cloud Controller Manager (CCM) of V1.9.3.10 or an earlier version?.md#)

We recommend that you use the Container Service console to upgrade Cloud Controller Manager to the latest version. For information about how to view the version of CCM of your cluster, see [Use a command-line tool](../../../../reseller.en-US/User Guide/Kubernetes cluster/Network management/Access services by using Server Load Balancer.md#section_umc_p3s_vdb)[Cloud Controller Manager](../../../../reseller.en-US/User Guide/Kubernetes cluster/Network management/Access services by using Server Load Balancer.md#).

## Kubernetes versions supported by ACK {#section_317_vg4_52v .section}

To guarantee that you can use Container Service more easily, with it backed by stable and reliable Kubernetes versions, ACK can provide support for multiple Kubernetes versions. Specifically, support is provided for up to four Kubernetes versions at the same time. The maintenance period for each Kubernetes version lasts for one year. For more information, see [Kubernetes versions](reseller.en-US/Product Introduction/Kubernetes versions.md#).

You must upgrade your Kubernetes clusters before their maintenance period expires.

